You wake up from a deep dream. You dreamed about wealth, fame and glory. "Unfortunatelly those were only dreams" you say to yourself. 
"I wish I could be famous too." You stay up, put on your clothes and leave the house. When you walk out you see a group of people 
gathered around something. They are very aroused and arguing over something, but you can't hear what exactly. What do you wish to do?
	1. Approach them to find out what they are talking about. 
	2. tl;dr (exit game)

Thank you for trying out The_Internet_RPG! I see that the spirit of the Internetz is strong with you! 
tl;dr YOU LOST!

You slowly find your way through the crowd. When you get to the front you see they are standing around broken statue.
You hear one of them saying: "And what will we do now? The ancient artifact has been stolen! Probably shattered too!" 
He adds pointing on the ground, where a few stone pieces lie. "We must do something about it!" says the other one. 
"The village cannot survive without it's artifact! Somebody must recover all the pieces and put them back together." 
	1. Ask: "What artifact are babbling about?" and do a surprised face
	2. Shout: "I'll do it!"

The villagers turn towards you and look at you. Mostly with their jaws dropped. "What do you mean by this question?" 
finally one of them asks. "Have you never heard about The Album of Dem, Memes which brings the joy and happiness to our people?"
"Erm… no?" you answer feeling unsure. 
"The Album of Dem, Memes is an ancient artifact that was created by some randoms from the nearby kingdom of reddit 
and brought to our country of 9gag to make people smile and give them joy!"
Aftter like half an hour of him talking you think (you've never been goof at thinking) - this is you chance! 
You can gain fame you always dreamed of… 

You shout "I'll do it!" Not thinking much more (as I mentioned - it has never been your strong side) you head 
to the first dungeon, where monsters, fame and potatoes await you! 

You feel blood and sweat on your skin. Not that you expected it to be easy... But in the end you approach the end side of 
the dungeon. You see a piece of paper at the ground. Slowly approaching it you finally decide to pick it up. You see a picture of 
an old lady and the caption "Welcome to the Internet. Let me be your guide." Suddenly you realise it won't be an easy task. 

And you feel trolled...